Okay. So, continue talking about
Villains. Yeah, villains is the
I think that one of my favorite villains is...
Um... Well, I think Mechagodzilla. Mechagodzilla.
Mechagodzilla that came out... that came out. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah with like a skeleton looking.
Yeah, yeah, he was too strong.
Only at 13 minutes.
13 minutes total
yeah but it was cool they have so many tricks
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. but it was nice.
But he was...
Yeah.
Um... I think I wanted to see mini Godzilla come out.
Yeah. Mini Godzilla with the... Minilla, Minilla. Yeah, yeah.
Minilla.
Yeah.
Mini Godzilla you know when Mini Godzilla came out?
Well actually Godzilla is a Mom right? Mom is Mini Mini Godzilla.
So...
So, there's a movie that actually Godzilla is training mini-Godzilla.
to do the ...Yeah, to do this like a...
You watch what? Ebira?
Ebi, like a shrimp
Is that the shrimp monster?
Cray? Cray monster? With the with the little scissors?
Really?... Okay... It's a lobster. Ah.
Yeah
They lay eggs?
Oh.
They do? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
It's not Jurassic Park. Yeah. It's a Godzilla movie.
Jurassic World? Oh...
I don't know.
time machine?
Oh... the...
Oh, they will bring it back.
Oh, really?
The first one. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
No.
And then...
Yeah yeah yeah so but anyway so why I don't know why we're talking about Jurassic Park
But, so... Oh, okay, okay.
Godzilla wasn't that good? Why why why you make you say that
Oh, okay, okay. Because it's like a lizard.
Oh, they eat fish. That's right.
But the other Godzilla there's no eating scenes
Yeah. there...
Yeah.
Oh really?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
They broke the rule? Oh....
Eat people.
Oh, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. at the first scene? Oh....
Station. Oh really? Did did did the Godzilla ate
ate the person. Oh really? Oh, when did?
Well everybody got killed except the the main guy and the other guy.
The rest is all got killed.
Aah...
So they did break the rule.
Oh.
Yeah. Why do they make that sound? It makes it more interesting.
Not. Step. Step on people but not to eat.
Oh, maybe maybe the Godzilla...
Yeah.
No, the the the bad, the enemy of Gamera eats people.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, in animation. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
They eat people. They eat people, Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So...
Let's get back. Yeah, yeah. So...
So we're talking about the villains, right? So what other villains do you like?
Aahh... King Ghidorah ne. That's a good one.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's the best? Yeah.
Oh.